Release 2022.03.1 (#3128)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2022-okta-identity-engine/index.md

## March

### Weekly release 2022.03.1

| Change | Expected in Preview Orgs |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| [Bugs fixed in 2022.03.1](#bugs-fixed-in-2022-03-1) | March 09, 2022 |

#### Bugs fixed in 2022.03.1

* Performing a GET request on the `/policies/` [endpoint](/docs/reference/api/policy/) sometimes returned a page with the wrong number of items. (OKTA-455164)

> * When the [List email templates](/docs/reference/api/brands/#list-email-templates) or the [List email customizations](/docs/reference/api/brands/#list-email-customizations) operations were performed on the `/brands/` endpoint, the base address in the link response header was `-admin` instead of the requested base address. (OKTA-465356)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When the [List email templates](/docs/reference/api/brands/#list-email-templates) or the [List email customizations](/docs/reference/api/brands/#list-email-customizations) operations were performed on the `/brands/` endpoint, the base address in the link response header contained the `-admin` string instead of the requested base address. (OKTA-465356)
```
